values/overview.mdx, before:

---
title: 'Our Values at MCPVerified'
description: 'The core principles and technology choices that guide MCPVerified'
icon: "heart"
iconType: "solid"
---

# <Icon icon="heart" iconType="solid" color="#3B82F6" /> Our Values at MCPVerified

At MCPVerified, we have clear opinions on the technologies and practices that lead to successful MCP applications. These values guide our recommendations and content.

## <Icon icon="compass" iconType="solid" /> Our Core Values

- <Icon icon="code" iconType="solid" /> **TypeScript First**: We believe TypeScript is the language of AI for production applications, offering the right balance of type safety and developer experience.

- <Icon icon="bolt" iconType="solid" /> **Performance Matters**: MCP applications should be built with performance in mind from the beginning, not as an afterthought.

- <Icon icon="laptop-code" iconType="solid" /> **Developer Experience**: Tools and frameworks should prioritize excellent DX while maintaining production quality.

- <Icon icon="cubes" iconType="solid" /> **Modular Architecture**: Components should be modular, reusable, and well-documented to promote ecosystem growth.

- <Icon icon="cloud" iconType="solid" /> **Serverless by Default**: Unless there's a compelling reason not to, serverless architectures provide the best scaling and maintenance profile for most MCP applications.

- <Icon icon="shield" iconType="solid" /> **Security First**: We carefully vet recommended services, packages, and servers for security vulnerabilities and best practices.

- <Icon icon="filter" iconType="solid" /> **Opinionated Curation**: We're not afraid to have strong opinions about what works best. Our recommendations are carefully curated based on real-world experience.

- <Icon icon="certificate" iconType="solid" /> **Official Packages Preferred**: When available, we recommend official packages and implementations over third-party alternatives for better support and reliability.

These opinions are based on our collective experience building MCP applications and represent what we believe are the best paths to success in this ecosystem.

Commit message:

Enhance documentation by adding new sections on environment setup and UI components, including detailed installation instructions and integration tips. Update existing content for clarity and organization, ensuring a comprehensive guide for users. Improve navigation by including additional pages in the documentation structure.

values/overview.mdx, after:

---
title: 'Our Values at MCPVerified'
description: 'The core principles and technology choices that guide MCPVerified'
icon: "heart"
iconType: "solid"
---

At MCPVerified, we have clear opinions on the technologies and practices that lead to successful MCP applications. These values guide our recommendations and content.

## <Icon icon="compass" iconType="solid" /> Our Core Values

- <Icon icon="code" iconType="solid" /> **TypeScript First**: We believe TypeScript is the language of AI for production applications, offering the right balance of type safety and developer experience.

- <Icon icon="bolt" iconType="solid" /> **Performance Matters**: MCP applications should be built with performance in mind from the beginning, not as an afterthought.

- <Icon icon="laptop-code" iconType="solid" /> **Developer Experience**: Tools and frameworks should prioritize excellent DX while maintaining production quality.

- <Icon icon="cubes" iconType="solid" /> **Modular Architecture**: Components should be modular, reusable, and well-documented to promote ecosystem growth.

- <Icon icon="cloud" iconType="solid" /> **Serverless by Default**: Unless there's a compelling reason not to, serverless architectures provide the best scaling and maintenance profile for most MCP applications.

- <Icon icon="shield" iconType="solid" /> **Security First**: We carefully vet recommended services, packages, and servers for security vulnerabilities and best practices.

- <Icon icon="filter" iconType="solid" /> **Opinionated Curation**: We're not afraid to have strong opinions about what works best. Our recommendations are carefully curated based on real-world experience.

- <Icon icon="certificate" iconType="solid" /> **Official Packages Preferred**: When available, we recommend official packages and implementations over third-party alternatives for better support and reliability.

These opinions are based on our collective experience building MCP applications and represent what we believe are the best paths to success in this ecosystem. 

## <Icon icon="users" iconType="solid" /> Our Team

MCPVerified was founded by Günther Brunner ([@gunta85](https://x.com/gunta85)) and is supported by the open source community.

All content on MCPVerified is written in English and translated to Japanese to serve our global community.

All contributions are appreciated!
