doc-generators/overview.mdx, before:

---
title: 'Documentation Generators Overview'
description: 'An overview of documentation generators for MCP projects'
icon: "book"
iconType: "solid"
---

# <Icon icon="book" iconType="solid" color="#3B82F6" /> Documentation Generators

Documentation is a critical part of any MCP project. This section covers documentation generators with specific support for MCP applications.

## <Icon icon="star" iconType="solid" /> MCP-Compatible Documentation Generators

- <Icon icon="leaf" iconType="solid" /> **Mintlify**: A modern documentation platform used by this site, with built-in support for AI-related content and interactive examples
- <Icon icon="microphone-alt" iconType="solid" /> **Speakeasy**: API documentation generator with special features for documenting AI endpoints and capabilities
- <Icon icon="shield-alt" iconType="solid" /> **Stainless**: Documentation tooling focused on robust API references and SDK documentation for MCP services

These documentation tools provide specialized features for describing, demonstrating, and documenting the unique aspects of MCP applications like API endpoints, model capabilities, and interaction patterns.

Commit message:

Enhance documentation by adding sections on MCP-specific generators and development hosts, improving clarity and organization with targeted retrieval benefits and updated formatting for editors and chat apps.

doc-generators/overview.mdx, after:

---
title: 'Documentation Generators Overview'
description: 'An overview of documentation generators for MCP projects'
icon: "book"
iconType: "solid"
---

# <Icon icon="book" iconType="solid" color="#3B82F6" /> Documentation Generators

Documentation is a critical part of any MCP project. This section covers documentation generators with specific support for MCP applications.

## Why MCP-Specific Generators Matter

MCP-compatible documentation generators offer significant advantages over traditional Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) approaches, particularly concerning context length efficiency.

Traditional RAG often involves loading large portions of documentation into the AI's context window, much of which might be irrelevant to the specific task. This consumes valuable context space and can reduce the AI's focus.

In contrast, MCP allows AI agents and IDEs to query specific pieces of information from the documentation server *as needed*. Instead of pre-loading potentially irrelevant data, the agent retrieves only the necessary details (like API usage, examples, or changelogs) precisely when required. This targeted retrieval keeps the context window lean and focused, leading to faster and more efficient task completion by the AI assistant. This approach mirrors the benefits seen with systems like the Mastra MCP documentation server, which enables agents to access a complete knowledge base without overwhelming their context ([Source: Introducing Mastra MCP Documentation Server](https://mastra.ai/blog/introducing-mastra-mcp)).

## <Icon icon="star" iconType="solid" /> MCP-Compatible Documentation Generators

- <Icon icon="leaf" iconType="solid" /> **Mintlify**: A modern documentation platform used by this site, with built-in support for AI-related content and interactive examples
- <Icon icon="microphone-alt" iconType="solid" /> **Speakeasy**: API documentation generator with special features for documenting AI endpoints and capabilities
- <Icon icon="shield-alt" iconType="solid" /> **Stainless**: Documentation tooling focused on robust API references and SDK documentation for MCP services

These documentation tools provide specialized features for describing, demonstrating, and documenting the unique aspects of MCP applications like API endpoints, model capabilities, and interaction patterns.
