hosts/overview.mdx, before:

---
title: 'MCP Development Hosts'
description: 'Environments for developing and interacting with MCP applications'
icon: "laptop-code"
iconType: "solid"
---

# <Icon icon="laptop-code" iconType="solid" color="#3B82F6" /> MCP Development Hosts

MCP development hosts provide specialized environments for building, testing, and interacting with AI-powered applications. This section explores various hosts that enhance MCP development.

## <Icon icon="star" iconType="solid" /> Popular MCP Hosts

- <Icon icon="keyboard" iconType="solid" /> **Cursor**: AI-powered code editor optimized for developing MCP applications with inline AI assistance
- <Icon icon="desktop" iconType="solid" /> **Claude Desktop**: Standalone application for direct interaction with Claude models
- <Icon icon="terminal" iconType="solid" /> **Cline**: Command-line interface for building and testing Claude-powered applications
- <Icon icon="puzzle-piece" iconType="solid" /> **VSCode Extensions**: AI integrations for the Visual Studio Code editor
- <Icon icon="wind" iconType="solid" /> **Windsurf**: Browser-based interface for developing and testing MCP components

The right development host can significantly improve your productivity when building MCP applications by providing specialized tools, interfaces, and workflows tailored to AI development.

Commit message:

Enhance documentation by adding sections on MCP-specific generators and development hosts, improving clarity and organization with targeted retrieval benefits and updated formatting for editors and chat apps.

hosts/overview.mdx, after:

---
title: 'MCP Development Hosts'
description: 'Environments for developing and interacting with MCP applications'
icon: "laptop-code"
iconType: "solid"
---

# <Icon icon="laptop-code" iconType="solid" color="#3B82F6" /> MCP Development Hosts

MCP development hosts provide specialized environments for building, testing, and interacting with AI-powered applications. This section explores various hosts that enhance MCP development.

## <Icon icon="code" iconType="solid" /> Editors

- <Icon icon="keyboard" iconType="solid" /> **[Cursor](/hosts/editors/cursor)**: AI-powered code editor optimized for developing MCP applications with inline AI assistance
- <Icon icon="puzzle-piece" iconType="solid" /> **[VSCode](/hosts/editors/vscode)**: AI integrations for the Visual Studio Code editor
- <Icon icon="terminal" iconType="solid" /> **[Cline](/hosts/editors/cline)**: Command-line interface for building and testing Claude-powered applications
- <Icon icon="wind" iconType="solid" /> **[Windsurf](/hosts/chat-apps/windsurf)**: Browser-based interface for developing and testing MCP components

## <Icon icon="message" iconType="solid" /> Chat Apps

- <Icon icon="desktop" iconType="solid" /> **[Claude Desktop](/hosts/chat-apps/claude-desktop)**: Standalone application for direct interaction with Claude models
- <Icon icon="comment" iconType="solid" /> **[ChatGPT Desktop](/hosts/chat-apps/chatgpt-desktop)**: Desktop application for interacting with OpenAI's GPT models

The right development host can significantly improve your productivity when building MCP applications by providing specialized tools, interfaces, and workflows tailored to AI development.
